{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Even though, white\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "They call me a white blood cell. I prefer 'bouncer with a grudge.'"\
"Not all heroes wear capes. Some wear lysosomes."\
"This body is my nightclub. Viruses are getting bounced."\
"Bacteria? More like 'bout to be splatter-ia."\
"Toxins think they're slick? I'm slicker with a side of phagocytosis."\
"Feeling under the weather? Watch me turn that frown upside down... for pathogens."\
"My doctor told me to fight infection. Never said anything about manners."\
"Just a white blood cell, on a mission to eradicate... uh oh, gotta sneeze!"\
"These viruses are so weak, they couldn't even win a game of immune tag."\
"White blood cells: always on the lookout."\
"The body's own SWAT team."\
"Fighting off invaders, 24/7."\
"Defenders in white."\
"Virus? What virus?"\
"The immune system's secret weapon."\
"Enemies of the body, beware."\
"White blood cells to the rescue!"\
"Pathogen patrol on duty."\
"Guardian cells, activate!"\
"The body's defense force."\
"Microbe massacre in progress."\
"White blood cells: the silent protectors."\
Did you know? Your body makes billions of white blood cells every day!\
There are five main types of white blood cells, each with a special job.\
White blood cells are like the body's own army, constantly patrolling for threats.\
The human immune system can even recognize and fight off never-seen-before pathogens!\
White blood cells have a short lifespan, but they die gloriously defending you.\
Some white blood cells can "eat" up to 100 bacteria in their lifetime!\
"Eliminating threats, no sweat."\
"Immune response initiated."\
"The body's personal army."\
"White blood cells: defenders of health."\
"Pathogen annihilators at work."\
}